in the wrestling match with a 180
kilogram black bear a human doesn't
stand a chance unless your name is Troy
hide not touch good boy no touch aha he
is the head trainer for animals of
Montana a company specializing in
training animals for the film industry
work around good okay my case it I sit
leg that's good we use this rock as a
mark yeah he goes to where we want him
to go at that point in time he has to
touch it sit good boy that's are you
giving him a marshmallow with your mouth
yeah let's go do that with anybody woody
hahaha even with me you think oh yeah we
could probably talk him into it just put
that in your lips right here just like
that and stand straight up and let him
come to you get my muckety she wants
kiss Gobert good boy don't spoil my
boyfriend about that even though these
trained animals appear tame for me to
work on them as an unknown face would be
unwise they still have wild tendencies
they're not tame or domesticated they're
only trained yeah and so you you just
have to be able to understand how they
think no touch Troy also trains mountain
lions but his stark at marquis as a
problem he's receiver from his tail
local veterinarian Gordon hard way has
been working with the animals here for
the past three years what I got here is
I think I got some urine burn going on
i'm not really sure so i want you take a
look at see what you think we need to do
that looks a little suspicious to me
troy aikman oh my god i got you come on
every guy good no that just looked like
you're in scala to me you know i know
it's this looks really suspicious
possibly some wing worm it looks more
car sitting up yes uncle it could be
could be some ringworm we're going to do
some skin scrapes and take some hair
samples and take it back oh boy don't
now they're handling or even domestic
cats in my surgery is always tricky cats
have extremely sharp claws at the way
around so to have the mountain line we
have to totally rely on the handlers
keep the cat calm I'm always careful
with him yeah I trust him I trust these
guys but if you notice I'm on the end
where I can run that's always on using a
scalpel we are able to lightly scrape
off some samples of the skin for
analysis all right the guy it's all
right okay good isn't he he's who's
really I probably say he's better than
most the cats i have in my surgery yeah
yeah you're pretty good yet we just
takin some hair plugs and some skin
scrapes to look for either ringworm or
some parent site prices particularly
sarcoptes manger which we call Fox major
in England and depending on what the
results will be and we can either give
them an injection or other so coptis um
or a dip domestic animals get it too
it's not dangerous it's just a nuisance
really let me get a bald cat wave
good wave good there with a patient
dealt with Gordon's came to show me Coco
the grizzly bear to illustrate the more
unusual work that whole wood animal
sometimes Demond why wife strike strike
strike that lower right canine tooth as
you see it's a little bit fatter than
the other one yeah that one's been
restored is a false one yeah that's a
false when the upper left when we
restored and we didn't build it up quite
as heavily as we did that upper when she
broke it again on that on the cage bars
some people might wonder why you
actually replaced it tooth in cosmetic
in the cosmetic in this situation yeah
yeah yeah um work you know oh good wide
wide wide